### Hello There 
## I am Daniel Getachew
Software developer with a Master's in Computer Engineering and a strong background in programming and problem-solving. I am Passionate about building creative solutions, I have developed multiple games that showcase my expertise in software development. Currently transitioning from academia to the tech industry. I use my strong passion and problem solving skill to develop creative solution to every project I take on.

**Skills:** Java, Java script, HTML, CSS, Node.js, React native, Python, Tiktok Effect house (AR Effects).

## Projects

# 2048 Online Game
An enhanced version of the classic 2048 game, allowing players to choose grid sizes from 3x3 to 10x10 for a customized challenge using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The game is available online on GitHub Pages.
[**Play 2048**](https://dani-el-dani.github.io/game-2048/Game_2048.html).\
The source code is also avilable [**here**](https://github.com/dani-el-dani/game-2048) in github.

# Ethiopia Travel & Heritage Website
A responsive tourism portal that showcases Ethiopia’s cultural festivals, and travel resources. The site features dynamic content management for destinations and events, elegant design, and interactive features tailored to global travelers.\
**Built with:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, and Netlify deployment.\
[**Live Demo**](https://ethiotourism.netlify.app/)

# Wesfie Salon Booking Website
A modern, user-friendly salon booking platform designed a women’s beauty. The website allows clients to browse services, view stylists, and book appointments through a multi-step form.\
**Built with:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, React Router, and Zustand for seamless state management, Miragejs to mock out backend APIs and Netlify deployment.\
[**Live Demo**](https://wesfiesalon.netlify.app/)

# Guess My Number Game
Guess My Number game using React Native with Expo that lets users play to find the correct number generated by the system, after each guess, they receive feedback on how many digits they got correctly and how many of them are in the right position.\

# Puzzle Me Game
A classic sliding puzzle game where players can solve a puzzle using in-game images or upload their own pictures for a personalized experience. I used React Native with Expo to develop this game.

